# Fundamental Concepts
## Presentation

- presentation services  <-- data to be represented <--  generated by applicative algorithms
- modify a geometric or topological algorithm and its resulting objects without modifying the visualization services.

### Structure of the Presentation

- a presentable object, the _AIS_InteractiveObject_
- a viewer
- an interactive context, the _AIS_InteractiveContext_.

### The presentable object

**Purpose**
- to provide the graphical representation of an object in the form of **_Graphic3d_Structure_**.
**How**
- On the first display request, it creates _Graphic3d_Structure_ by calling the appropriate **algorithm** and retaining this framework for further display.
**Presentation algorithms**
* **Standard** presentation algorithms: are provided in the **_StdPrs_** and **_Prs3d_** packages. 
* Specific presentation algorithms: create **customized** presentations made of structures from the **_Graphic3d_** packages. 
**Others**
- a single **presentable object** could have **several presentations**: one for each visualization mode supported by your application.
- Each object to be presented individually must be presentable or associated with a **presentable object**.

### The viewer

**Purpose**
- allows interactively manipulating views of the object. 
- display **_Graphic3d_Structure_**
**Separation**
- the viewer operates on the **_Graphic3d_Structure_** created by the presentable object and not on the data model of the application.
**Graphic3d structure**
- Creating **_Graphic3d_Structure_** in your presentation algorithms allows you to use the 3D viewers provided in Open CASCADE Technology for 3D visualization.

### The Interactive Context

**Purpose**
- controls the entire presentation process from a common high-level API.
**How**
- the application requests the display of an object; 
- the interactive context requests the graphic structure (**_Graphic3d_Structure_**) from the presentable object
- the interactive context sends **_Graphic3d_Structure_** to the viewer for displaying.

### Presentation packages

**Required packages**
- _AIS, PrsMgr
- StdPrs_
- _V3d_ 
**Additional packages** (to implement your own presentation algorithms)
- _Prs3d_ 
- _Graphic3d_

**Standard Interactive Objects**
   -  _AIS_ package provides classes to implement **interactive objects** (presentable and selectable entities).
   -  _PrsDim_ package provides presentable objects for drawing **dimensions** and relations.
   -  _MeshVS_ package provides presentable object MeshVS_Mesh for working with **mesh data**.

**Standard presentation builders**
   - _Prs3d_ package: 
	   - provides standard presentation algorithms for simple geometries: **arrow**, **cylinder**, **sphere**. 
	   - defines _Prs3d_Drawer_ class controlling the attributes of the presentation to be created in terms of **color**, **line type**, **thickness**, etc.
   - _StdPrs_ package:
	   - provides standard presentation algorithms for **B-Rep shapes**. 
	   - provides generic presentation algorithms such as **shading**, **wireframe**, **isolines** and **HLR**(hidden line removal).
   - _DsgPrs_ package:
	   - provides tools for display of **dimensions**, **relations** and XYZ **trihedrons**.

**Selection services**
   - _Select3D_, _SelectBasics_ and _SelectMgr_ implement selection (picking) services.
   - _StdSelect_ package provide selection builders for B-Rep shapes.

Viewer management **_V3d_ package** provides the services supported by the 3D viewer.
 
 **Low-level interfaces**
   - **_PrsMgr_ package** 
	   - defines basic interfaces and tools for presentable object. 
	   - contains all classes needed to implement the presentation process: 
		   - abstract classes **_PrsMgr_Presentation_** and **_PrsMgr_PresentableObject_**
		   - concrete class **_PrsMgr_PresentationManager_**.
   - **_Graphic3d_ package** 
	   - provides low-level graphic structures. 
	   - defines an interface of **Graphic3d_GraphicDriver** providing a connection with low-level graphics APIs like OpenGL.